present to your attention
pram pierre cardin and s4300
intended for children from six months to
three years old weighing up to 15 kilograms model
has a large multi-functional
hood footrest and backrest adjustable
stroller fold in read
seconds into a compact cane has
latch and carrying handle
large hood perfectly protects against
precipitation and weather
easily adjustable with retainers
the hood on each side has a visor
window and pocket in the back also a hood
can be increased by unzipping such
way it unfolds to the bank
five-point seat belts with
soft overlays adjustable in length
depending on the height of the child
removable bumper covered with cloth has
Footrest bumper can be
adjust bumper height too
eat will not prevent landing at
baby in the stroller just click on
button on the back side
take the bank put the baby and return
bumper reset
strollers can be removed and washed when
temperature of 30 degrees
tilt of a back of a carriage is regulated in 4
provisions with a zay lock
position for he is 170 degrees not
forget to close the hood to your
the baby was safe in the kit already
a warm cape comes in
it is easily attached to the frame of the stroller when
aid stickies stroller maneuverable for
swivel front wheels account
lock to lock wheels
lower the retainer bus it is convenient if you
you carry a carriage on a rough surface
for example sand or wheels with it
doubled it gives the stroller more
steadily below we see a basket for
shopping
foot brake blocks both rear
wheels
lowered down put on a brake up
removed the side comfortable handle ergonomic
mold covered with soft and sliding
stroller materials folded
extremely simple
click on the lever below right now and
fold the stroller there is a retainer from
unfolding and comfortable handle for
Carry to unroll the stroller
loosen the lock and pull the handle
probably then press the lever cheese is ready
set brightly hordynke s4300 we enter
cape on legs
rain cover wheel covers instructions